Oh, boy, is this exciting, we just finished two full parts of this float now, not everything is
hooked up together yet.
I that's that still needs to happen.
But we have the user.
We can get the credit card if we can get the straight talk.
And now our checkout screen looks like it's ready to integrate with a payment flow.
OK, so how do we go about building that payment flow?
Well, that's what the next series of videos are going to be about.
And the reason that we've constructed the stripe integration in this way, where I'm showing you this
really, really detailed flow diagram is because payments are hard, payments are inherently a hard
flow.
You really, really need to break things down.
And I admit, even though this diagram is here, it can still be quite difficult.
Don't worry about it.
But what I will admit to you is any time you run into a complex scenario, building a graph like this
to just explain it and break it down really comes in handy.
And it's something that is vital on the job.
Remember that.
Now, let's go look at how we're going to build out this payment for.